Hontx6jiDU8WozzERmOi truthful negative
V4cKO7oMaErDp6RECrff truthful positive
IGHiE9AvzriUCocfdhGh truthful negative
aCGb5EEOyL4sBbS7H6VN deceptive negative
n5aBw17ewV39zK9ym9mG deceptive positive
w5zfZAM1bQQRSOoVnF9S truthful positive
mP9P7hKHFCXg6beDGP5Y deceptive negative
SyMUYTTY4ZU3bjccRYx3 truthful negative
PeZYDZ3PYQJFbjSQq7Sz truthful positive
SFsBcsp7lH9fKOFxVVdb deceptive positive
QybWgMTmXKOIZSN7lMw1 deceptive positive
UZPwRwBVAH4DsrQNtr0V truthful positive
LQ5WWv14MijIoIhUtPyy truthful negative
j7yddabKwtC9qq42U5u7 deceptive positive
wkKzxICoIga0mcFVBDJK deceptive positive
QSGYLefaUuiC8N1gQcRu deceptive negative
RWbxHGV2APR1rxXx7g6X truthful positive
leMECmPzBhyeXoBy6WHx truthful negative
J7lMgbXtshX9Bsc3OTQd deceptive positive
xnFLzKdY0wq8d3p3k2gN truthful negative
t2TQz7w6txbRKrv1LmIG truthful positive
tIy1UUPLgQvpX3bo9qAa truthful negative
ghpRCrv6Ot85ZFx6U8CM truthful positive
UNpprySWEV6VwRCy2All truthful positive
uLAGksQvtiNAqnxoEFty deceptive negative
S21ylU02VhY2t4pyqpdf deceptive negative
HBTyMArq6mapTWILgskI deceptive positive
ckPzCqPYH44FgMCxKQkr deceptive positive
IgQOhveLGaTRP03Dv6jO truthful positive
WNZltkky7l3BFKZ5qefr truthful negative
ZqoJ0qk3RrNvABDQpurJ deceptive negative
jAkszWIMo4E1AJs2jgzy truthful negative
kD2fgSCMdr2RrErF5En5 truthful positive
YofZ2dYJo7aBLZ5mkIKs deceptive positive
HYKWF5sHzKAQ6e3hChwQ truthful negative
aGCRJmYbMzt8paG4HVBC truthful negative
vTZRUQjaAjncEqLmpfXr truthful positive
zUmUAzqE63q8LDwyihTf truthful positive
Mi5CwNeLdBUvLXFfReWJ truthful positive
FxIDQLkH8aphrw7K4xXI deceptive positive
VAETyE0lPFAOo3lEj7Is deceptive positive
U0stEt2ob3CqWe25pSU6 truthful negative
TH1POsuigM9oeOdafpnD deceptive negative
T1YCtYd5poWjxtlskOOw deceptive positive
bBfyHNwO91pL17qxvCXg truthful negative
MwN39Kl7fHVaOO3dxgVH deceptive negative
TTe2AOfRebckna2HTYRR deceptive positive
jHCFTTOdm3ZvqiJjA9Ka deceptive positive
eFcsQqjFurwNNTFhNJOt truthful negative
VfFmUpav5jqEfdHvuH0f truthful negative
VjJiB47FqD4sj8pUIp76 truthful negative
Ua1drUYODTRjpmdY0j3C truthful positive
yRb7nBWuegFmK00V1mOx deceptive negative
uOBZrm9y5FkQ3LTkXtwf deceptive negative
ezftiBVSCAlSp7gm2Nfa deceptive negative
Na6U40P7pgDgGbeuTlaN deceptive negative
ceEgjP5NCOksGy8RzCQn deceptive positive
jnDPr9TV7kkVv82aa2PO deceptive negative
bHUu8JxgZOeU71th5dZo truthful negative
YFgeIzqDQJB2Puo6lzlw truthful negative
Lpp9MIgYHV1uW1v3Wjkb truthful negative
cwd3GaTIhHEPv3jy7ZSS deceptive negative
l9EhRHf6adGeHYaZzwub deceptive negative
FG7HdLIE8u992MEmkooN deceptive positive
L2b9E7NTaxyBVhQlx900 deceptive negative
Ojj9SN4A7aEdBijGpDLb deceptive positive
eYyzyKOFune3cXKFh83U deceptive positive
vIKlHZun7ssbdo3Li3Ok truthful positive
TiIuqNwSLc7LjCmPndOn deceptive negative
kZiawYwFSfwA9YWkISxU deceptive positive
U8LfKQP80ScfoqixOYyG truthful negative
IiUQvQRFNrmKo4rJGHmO truthful negative
R5U79f5g4lMAEpH1hDUQ truthful negative
SciWQ4LMHLnpTtnPVFK5 truthful positive
Qc9sqTb7VW3PDNGIqf13 truthful positive
tv1oSBQmPYvIS3bNuSIl deceptive positive
qUInHXGOsMKqcCaHmhbz truthful positive
LxLUa7yS9qkV8S6Xz8E0 deceptive negative
mP9p6X46BsPBCRNhLqW4 deceptive positive
rwiFxdYYUBzgDndCVLYM truthful positive
yQBISMl7HLyFhtIhQGVn deceptive negative
n7XzWOyleRcsqmbeHAqx truthful positive
znXSc7eBGDLdR0OrjXDw deceptive negative
IBYwednAZLzFNoMX8dQx truthful positive
LX02kkU8GqzersEn4jEn truthful negative
yON2TGxH2rGZNStU5x1y deceptive positive
RwtApeEMuFc2AGfHnROa truthful positive
eny92v0WZ72UsplavLlT truthful positive
ZZS41s0ham9QdxOGg7ZB deceptive negative
LN0q0rlhKmpuasnqFtAl truthful positive
QIelEuzmGK9Ykvk6MRFL truthful positive
ydIjVojWkVkQhXSamo4h deceptive negative
Nv6pcckFO5JLOxAdOcm3 truthful positive
gvdN6HwDQmdu8eblVmGr deceptive negative
VzsltFU8YM9gaPhf3cJz deceptive negative
oZKLde0zYAixrnPovTi6 deceptive negative
oFn2coNphJAYXJ5GCFtl truthful positive
J0uHlMw0a4h68noPQ1P6 truthful negative
kZqc6HiOlLweioMlZf6P deceptive negative
LLzqTyc7po6Tp9admpIf truthful negative
ltPkpqVNI58R6iWB1tyz deceptive negative
R2EkpEJqMuB275w6W65b deceptive positive
KLrAJkX8wsMBHYvaYJZ1 truthful negative
HPHp8iZ3zNGVW2tfFV6z deceptive negative
nmaOUSq863iUHzdVPJSD deceptive negative
JSxaDo7RAD9ujaQxTgJ5 truthful positive
PgTqcKctsjfo0nSeqohs deceptive negative
Z3htjlesmDwbv6A3uZE8 truthful negative
OhTaH98aqtI75MRzstjf truthful negative
et3rntWPrLSocqKKcPCT truthful negative
SNsGpAJ46GKs4eQvqQDe deceptive positive
Ww6YIaAQrK046apjNb1F deceptive negative
uSF5Oox84eS4RB0u5LhN deceptive negative
qPcH4gpXJGiGhsU6x2Tl truthful negative
OeBKQy7XnJRpyV5QPRAk truthful positive
QanwgshL6HWcUIurlE8z truthful positive
pFYMwMQrhgjVA3qnu3DD truthful positive
KPixlyiwRuONlktDFMQl deceptive negative
GPb8YmjRgIAm5sSGMcjN truthful positive
cw5HcMud996ZWuB3ASW3 truthful negative
a1Jj1ogb6QUSrixebauH deceptive positive
SUL6iN8wKdSG4naBc2xN truthful positive
uVRvpv9TVIdR2jH7ryGX deceptive positive
IMGiXIO5ISNatpN0sjVC truthful negative
OOroDnQlNqN6ftiYZoDR truthful positive
cjUD8cE2KwIn1WvnrjFj truthful positive
JKWmS8Qfc2YOAavr09Kz deceptive positive
yuzyPqQxB3CpLG8ILHeU truthful negative
VoglqJl3yTuyJ5lJSS41 truthful negative
x6K7kLY25ZmHxCfQWFic truthful negative
QUtyFbu4dxO9MxVOes5H truthful positive
HBSGOTHPZFxArc6hD4zI truthful negative
rdDrBxbwOcBVrkUhwJoB deceptive positive
SswtagEaAG40fI6eH7ZR truthful negative
wwohG3i7EHm0qZddYLZj truthful positive
R2BkTbmj2PdoOLb1yNnz deceptive positive
vPGz1XeYdBBOkHkVRbwy truthful negative
RDf9lTgojjamxOuX0thW truthful positive
fwgAEa36SYTW7iewz1sd deceptive positive
xjQZ7SpNGyutxaPZkRRE deceptive negative
L0SZpBxpebR2Lmu5FtC4 truthful negative
lQhwZsCIMBp20LRUkouK deceptive positive
YZ1qGYFOzHdrCDpFUqg8 deceptive negative
TOYC9oIQSAdJpuItV5LA deceptive negative
VRTPeyrFfWSIo7nrtmyk truthful positive
mRrTKO69ZY2AccM3COpI deceptive positive
z4BejlStMLi8831Puc8H deceptive negative
GPiXIkPxnSYRz5Nkh8ga deceptive positive
uSjYTS5TmjRD9BuNogL7 deceptive positive
P08RjE6rVWqKwEqgGvxD deceptive positive
qKOmrvY3ZvWNwxePa1Gn truthful positive
rYFK4imyiu4bPcrC7IU9 truthful negative
U1uA7gSyxPs1nx8sIlB2 deceptive positive
dzIO1MFriB5btCZFAIys truthful positive
d3u6rclgxeXmszqEVZFi deceptive positive
nNRXVROvsHKHdSurkK85 deceptive positive
hifC3lkhpvsd561EsFFL deceptive negative
hjaw0Gw5aSESf3fUlr18 truthful positive
xtfLRrxR36uodruRgeoL truthful negative
zsxhapatneZFBpyDdoOr deceptive negative
VQsn91cdKbMd7cdlDMCm deceptive negative
SRZS9ZA7kYBlE2H9j2Df deceptive negative
vlWqXb4LBa5QgdIgNQjO deceptive negative
s5CsFgO0MWg9hKvNITCq deceptive negative
MYrGdCHWZwTvDNhhCge9 deceptive negative
FdOhZ52WdHcXvGBfyRkn deceptive negative
pLJ91WNIwUHuBV0IBmfW truthful negative
iVEKxqV2664bOsAEAe1Q truthful negative
ohwIVdV7ugy9SmTsSkMV deceptive negative
TmlkSJ335IXDl4fHndsu truthful negative
Jbi5Y0iWu3Gc0SSCXP65 truthful negative
OGSOnC7iS8ePohcxhYpv deceptive positive
dvIS0pggBVCt40LdHgxD deceptive positive
kzUCY2jEEitfuubZMbiX truthful positive
cQWevjHxhCFgHcvK6oRf deceptive negative
J4qQ5TnxqoXcSmGXmXzd truthful negative
WsJa1kHuzrF32Dp3ZDPa truthful negative
M8l2raiEw3sc0Gy9t1Kk deceptive positive
fKAxWLKgCY8zPTeZL8lo truthful positive
aNNPWnYj90AsJTKzEHhH truthful positive
jOrTfIujMJCB8lRSdki3 truthful negative
WFDZKu47eEWVdBJvhNc4 truthful positive
tdxCfne590JsvlU0ju8b truthful positive
Zn8vbRC7nCosJ8FqEE3k deceptive negative
nw2f5Um0kr61xCZ42y8A truthful negative
iTGqGNvYUhbnkEq5IBoV deceptive negative
luv6biUMicLqRaQodOvG deceptive positive
lzSiPDFKXDPKZcVJ51WP deceptive positive
O5bAd9nWoMkgzTDJYU80 deceptive negative
ZXFDhQKvVKcvYRqVtGjS deceptive positive
bcEGNm7arpOhP8Ou9sKX deceptive negative
pqdd7pIHEn5jx33iZOT6 deceptive negative
RdO8ak8AkjIXWZway7qJ truthful negative
XSRwbX25F2Uqgd9LHbPP deceptive positive
TYumw2eqra4BCAu4kfDX truthful negative
SmEKFfFjYRblZn0dkJtA truthful negative
wJGTklYs4qWBT9ZCqHnQ truthful positive
Gfw7qyFoz6Sp7XUJAvDf truthful negative
YjlsSlPzAXvRFn7CJXAc deceptive negative
fhhTbnes3dpNRYSoIJi5 deceptive positive
Ji7oEDeqtNZylwNXg1Eg truthful positive
IoXqDR9tzGQxQ1FkVEmJ deceptive positive
dY8gf8dI3iYpmLFVIus2 truthful negative
cr7D4tCq22PGhP7E71i8 truthful negative
UplfSILkqOPCOCpyiAZR deceptive positive
pmjQPiZ9oMWjViQGGEHX deceptive positive
gmldb0JeQHZrwnVVHri6 deceptive negative
boayn27ICdAiqmxY7J9B truthful positive
WuHwYRqstpBsuD8NEuBC truthful negative
fg0MPNXC3eKe3EWnbw5t deceptive negative
lpsx6bUgOBxyBbG4eOwI deceptive negative
EoOTjBX7WKXnR4ccf70L truthful positive
aS0QhUH3IwhE1aV8V7et deceptive positive
OSCsPqG5AAUVrwvwW2FE deceptive positive
wsbNToyceIhzCBgZsUcO truthful positive
yF4diUPjNIXjYvpA2DBp deceptive positive
Es7r9fzhBDJEmLsfBEOE truthful negative
s7nuyzHj4UnszJ2bbkaE truthful negative
dgEKxYDMeDaMejaGKHR9 deceptive negative
wvIzYP5yXwHHXgUsJu0B truthful positive
rWUriO3ffNI075D38byU truthful positive
Wsd02jivnBU0KVwziRDQ deceptive positive
wc8tbi41kj7gckVgByKF deceptive negative
p0TCRCJmK0A1HTxz1MBx deceptive positive
IUqu1vq94qDz2ZQaGIRJ deceptive negative
rml0T9JjRb5CeaejcoAv truthful negative
N73RgJuzwx6eyHFlTUCj truthful positive
j1XmJM9lmJ11YMkG1O9c deceptive positive
S69IsY0FR4bl1aOpDbxJ truthful negative
v3EkQdRrHbNnF9K0uVSB truthful positive
xs8edd0WfStEW4GB2jN8 deceptive negative
kmeavJtwoliFAS1bSzy3 truthful positive
oVF0DDlOOqH3wsheyk7Z deceptive positive
XDIBcY2AUJaru1gj4SCJ truthful negative
YIt3Y2fpb2d2mfHchnyj truthful negative
NZ7QxAZnHlMtta8qkec5 deceptive negative
IExcU3BZSSLO9v8kSjFC truthful negative
bVOyC9uIme2cDCwmwgym truthful positive
IQ4jZpIDDhzCfzx0CCLV truthful positive
YtmtdXnFwwL5qQwBJFww deceptive negative
e55gWmN5ULtNypgCpgYJ truthful negative
pYvZm2ulCX25Eo3hcc6q truthful positive
PGbcj9FFA14Oqcg6YZug truthful negative
bCgfLo3b5cOtk5B5DLjc truthful negative
RoRBOcTOVQRYIDuvydDC deceptive positive
QTb3SWpWxgkmCwNHudMo truthful positive
ycUku7AggUjAMhCL0i9w truthful negative
iZg5a0fXcZJYotlzmfZV deceptive positive
WUHXh0LEe4RlWDrAEzSO truthful positive
Yr0MgjZWRwVZWUJrSMsQ truthful positive
FmU5ETfNEQTpzrw4onwc deceptive negative
PJVmPksK7BCwieyXfLWl deceptive negative
dSQqT7sbeITInl5OITE9 truthful negative
h5QrUXNIDXrkNr0MhmrE truthful negative
hQdlj1uLG04iJSUtXjfw truthful negative
le6LTI2YDD3DNrAt6aLJ truthful positive
G4JQAypD4f5AfUjLQzvu deceptive negative
fofTiOGChg9qpiovgNcX deceptive negative
SbY75mK65SXiXbCaspTA deceptive positive
KNGlVp3gxo5a3x51RyfK deceptive positive
NsfmR3T7fC7PXErajJhz deceptive negative
kJHdnU44koL9wqBw5EGK deceptive positive
OxDKPpLEN6KMXYy8CvIF deceptive negative
WBuGt0RxAuwwdorngDIy truthful positive
mQDwRtGqEGHfIGEI5FzS truthful positive
J3HFcGo8AMRl4XKVmCsW deceptive positive
mZwf5MoggTm8rYe6rsur deceptive negative
pXjuXjXYasAMvD4tOQBU truthful negative
VQHITV3EleYLe8GvUcxO deceptive negative
m6jUpPrWeNmWhCDksEE7 truthful positive
afwaltRLblb6802NTnR7 truthful negative
amFFEwIj7m1SJNRoaZAY truthful negative
Zyoc5fc3o9aai7qDrx2C deceptive negative
Uwk2LBixehMt6BZ3Sz1z truthful positive
gXq0TTXyo1cTalU1TQZP truthful negative
rihXxYyARuLUGuC8yXGL deceptive negative
OGMJqfIFizu6Y4wYus6Z truthful positive
Z1r6y1L55srapwD3yZwn deceptive positive
U2MNBuh3ZGQ5QwHMUliH truthful negative
apm5znSNgEa6LHNlKIPT truthful negative
Jule92itxNdd5MvBqdq3 deceptive positive
P7IH5PlfotkBxZQrQHlk deceptive negative
j87YS1j9DFQiX1hxuC1G deceptive positive
Rv6s8zJzcVQNd1w2Wds5 truthful positive
GBEoNgUk3SYrVnEjtuuY truthful positive
JL12B8cerDSnePLDJYuA truthful positive
cAedZtXlBM447BrfG1bz truthful positive
xCuHsQtUulOYcZDBdyCl truthful negative
T7WEwCxPMYQoIA3ZT8y9 truthful positive
g4ag9MTdzAde3uFKnAqs deceptive positive
FWXGkWcn6fL50dwWLoRq deceptive negative
GaURBsBKj6RodBpoqdD4 truthful negative
cel7mzzoFcPHE283Yp6Z deceptive negative
blu0TZUxrZsP0SL5nGvt truthful negative
OALNENld1xE8xrRNMWgq deceptive positive
aNdVeFF840QLUrgDZOBN truthful positive
PXOniTDmYewiEtjnYO1y deceptive positive
IhP3aQEKTxv1PMnm3E5t deceptive negative
XG8MYUZX7LiTQPLBAeUY truthful positive
sxhVKxT218z4uoBMosBp deceptive negative
rKnQU9HLgC2mSF3EiVBn truthful positive
YldHAL7bYdOzBJvMX1wL truthful positive
nuYHaDkhsWx2Ec9aPhn8 truthful negative
nBH30jsWCWOpDXWYJ7MA truthful negative
M8Wn3wU5wRwYvJvigPKT deceptive negative
LnHPgcVMQQNtfdJY493i deceptive positive
o4VtP3culSeClXmeyQdr deceptive negative
uuCavAOgXHH2gENqY7ir deceptive negative
L7RYYYApYIQTZGvUZn1e truthful positive
ZJPcamhCX9vGKcOJWFib truthful positive
cX6JtlVuwnRR3bsp7d6v truthful positive
dk5tQrtCM1en5ZAVXCAN deceptive positive
ZquUmS0gN5ayBvHsEcdR deceptive negative
vVouiVQFUrxKxA2QHPgE truthful negative
ugSMfA1jIis7HvdHadqu truthful positive
hZPI8r1pXgCyyWT6dXjc deceptive negative
HkNM46yMpZWp7WAz6mAs truthful negative
GA6DkcIrDNn7iqkuumlC truthful positive
idi6r2Ozg66xAeNYeZTF truthful positive
HeoXonH2YomW4mt70NNC deceptive negative
QXvYywVbp3U0UidJlfE3 truthful positive
SLfkgFt3r4j4oFIwoubR truthful positive
rsmxzojz1uJJsuArp81J truthful positive
TFHPuVVUzLnGi8VuASs0 deceptive negative
n4I9mysiK4tF7gDs2ZRy deceptive positive
OMR24ZLEsoPwy8rlv2W2 deceptive negative
zNrp0Cz4O4SBsAvEDT1T truthful negative
RqSXL1FRYxbsPlVjgOLv truthful positive
YANrsWaqz2rq1vrFOUFL deceptive positive
UtbB6WQFnHu5DC32QGtv truthful positive
ZkvWgPqn5QRA6hNAhv53 deceptive negative
O3DeBCEBg5xq4m2Sa5zQ deceptive positive
yjG2JLndPGGeynfZneul deceptive positive
fogve7osK5KULEEdXiFt truthful positive
jMiWy6TkSnRuJKc2om18 deceptive positive
Z3Mm9EglgGo1FDebjdLZ truthful negative
IRgYrbo3bPKAO63XpGra deceptive positive
bKGO7KNHVyJZ7PdCFAhH deceptive negative
YKzoYBXQD4U5p7Vmt8EB deceptive negative
zb0ltJrVsRfY5F4MOBqm deceptive positive
OjXqosASqd7cOmw7RDUR truthful positive
ijE9yFEOcjGG55Shsafq truthful positive
GsxpmiT9giN1VBbHkWRU deceptive negative
iJiouMVB6d95iNmDYjCn deceptive negative
ujUHkGaQFxPxUWLoqUPM truthful negative
jV7TkVEI7HuDHucwzU6J truthful positive
iWkYCu73rLBdkCwC1WYL truthful positive
UgdooFImf4yvNafMrINp deceptive positive
RiyCd64QxBcDe5VpwZvw truthful negative
lrHSNTTBCe78AN9fOzkE deceptive negative
hgzO0N65XbHmyNHogZzY deceptive negative
J65wa5FGgJV2MKa2hnh0 deceptive negative
P09OZRwoLT9glUauVvuN truthful positive
U9Fmvry14LK0SCLc9t24 deceptive negative
HHNXXZhkXiHX4Cw8qSFj truthful positive
abM7p5IY60ufRZf5DjR1 truthful negative
QBGpT8OknQsltetjyXFi deceptive negative
esOX0kDcYHn7IyCctPFU truthful negative
pA1eacOaaCZkgq1UFLDS deceptive negative
osAYiqoH58wC35iGLxZJ truthful positive
wWyuD27jaW14J18QHYXl truthful negative
URBJsQ9B0SV5FQ5Czr0X truthful positive
wIXCdbZ7vRyMyJpkyCer deceptive negative
kC2OR3GG9ejhtaBBDcIL truthful positive
krrGSskG78fZsfbs8h74 truthful negative
MgMry3cvA4xtmYINiONv deceptive negative
k18IsXyJ071LCXax46BS deceptive positive
lRzEOJKvsTOvpXmhgUlI deceptive negative
vRqeK37wqhLclkoS8N1M truthful positive
Eq4QPMwx5kERUBueDcw1 truthful positive
sNm52hKJTVlxiagfSC9H truthful negative
bUEo3gYPyjalwJdaZsZm truthful positive
eqHYwfIeM29HmeCj50q8 deceptive negative
GMf4cIxKzIieKDyACNf5 deceptive negative
ka22Iqnlymfk9t1DpNjK truthful positive
FrlouX0j1dRLBZRQ9Osl deceptive negative
pteB9wDEOBOuDTfpFNke deceptive negative
xQDrKljaccDdvp7b6DuU truthful positive
yvgYgXX5QJIRGrw0OKLv truthful negative
mR22VGkI8khBas0eMZdU truthful positive
azL2WTvIx1wh7ZA9MgUZ deceptive positive
PWeAVgG42ZNtWkglF6cw deceptive positive
r58p3ICrNvM5Q8oTGF0z deceptive negative
fgsa3qky4gXsvPQpivN7 truthful negative
YvN3FfguHpcOZ7BgvGWg deceptive negative
Ns3TYoTfIUIAGuoPdOdF deceptive positive
W6HE0SG5zEc7MBUgCaQQ truthful negative
hhbusSq9woX0eeywhlWS truthful negative
ecFLGWVsMrFCQn1Vckpx truthful positive
zbkXcsrVT5mWlo6kV9VX truthful positive
iTlgfbjJD5eMtlRaSztt deceptive positive
oQDt9wbeGar379kJB4I9 deceptive negative
g1rq6B5mhGGtK4Je9a0b deceptive positive
Uu0jx0OIkTQJSILaXOiO truthful positive
vT3BOI3BbIsNvA4QGpis deceptive negative
wiyCgnoGqQuyWrO4QTuW truthful negative
PrbExGHBnhn6y6DaKThs deceptive negative
IFqujzgtGZLylPH39uKQ deceptive positive
eLWhpWkuJe0lwYFdk1bY deceptive positive
NPoibm1W5paApN5DUrOA truthful negative
f0UplngB5MbPdOinzK6H deceptive negative
pehWuIOGlQ3oQGXxeTNR truthful positive
xTEW9SpxufwdWo2jtDu2 truthful negative
mP27ONuIb3JVokJKb8gY truthful negative
x1W9wJzHjv2oggtJ78Fh deceptive positive
WG7eSnCKEa22WHrfMM78 deceptive negative
ajmBXI8pM4qghnSGT15m deceptive negative
krSXXrFsg7WrkFrPO8MA truthful negative
tuyZ1YjBSugvD30J7Rlp deceptive negative
EqC5zzI5kc2LLZLfELwJ deceptive positive
T0F0SbQQRPceYHGdM1V6 deceptive negative
Qu35ZSStgdZciLcdm0Js deceptive negative
gsGRegDohSOupf0QzTfG truthful positive
x3kn0AU0bqLOU137q9BW deceptive negative
yMUjbuZABOaWNO3jKl8j deceptive negative
LG0KVXD7tFokCn1D92yY truthful negative
KtPi9swFlL6gMp6AKCgd deceptive positive
f2tq9g8Y4weinaoMrdO1 truthful negative
If2WnLq5Pe7dK1AiViuW deceptive positive
zWV71X14ikF0ZbhcJjDC deceptive positive
mVoAjaIXZoFDteHzNeVh deceptive positive
TeivrF8ygJAOeOT6V3Ua truthful positive
Z3tOBNKQRzmkrEHD7Cpe deceptive negative
XPOoT90MPgHEfllf7Tr4 truthful positive
Ui2MvsHHgv8VuUh7qjcJ deceptive negative
Y0sOUjmd02PS69YHGxZz truthful negative
nuRklwfL1msTQRLegxmJ truthful positive
qA7eLWmxYMJPcul4kggW deceptive negative
w64HXo2IPMD0PxBs4kmN deceptive positive
PwARJ1F30fnpK0iSgkM5 deceptive negative
XMXr2nQd3OUsbhqAXJGK truthful positive
tZ3UXBgSidGOl5qZTYnl truthful negative
k23s4H7u8wIgr92BnFFr truthful positive
qLo6qoRy6reOVEBEfOfX deceptive positive
XXWfVeASze6wb4kIHX2t deceptive positive
XL5VaRAnYFdxrzfFglpK deceptive positive
rIMQV4gGHH7m1ZUuGAXI deceptive positive
aYHveUa5OE9RxQK6enPj truthful negative
lk8pkWCDzFDwRcSeTtwS deceptive negative
XeE8mE69sRpvgbYXtLjn truthful negative
rfJNTadLbshovaxj7zCg truthful negative
P1LF3wsNwHhjtajzAl4Y deceptive positive
EkdZTDNGtkwcjf1aPKUl deceptive positive
Mk5G6fDizFObHJhe1nAQ truthful negative
meBx3qzIOUlLddyjdBuK deceptive positive
vSzrXQPlJkJs1bXr03CY deceptive positive
LeElJECBoofSJRTYCvIo truthful positive
hHrA4inXqKPwxaxSRENf deceptive negative
IpEGfaD37pBN8Q9sDDv1 truthful negative
puufEyXVm8dV3XrvZsLp deceptive negative
GLYPdQOw2b0sXRDfjhn9 deceptive positive
uEgav5RKixwQ1iz8g1Gt deceptive positive
iKrsIHAuyeU81iNl7Rcw deceptive positive
ywtx5gWWpJgQy9lDiqLd deceptive positive
SpkLt4uxp5ciLaJVkMKa deceptive positive
y3Y1AgNyuzWQDmjDW1O2 deceptive negative
tlNs6SvNUWwV92GHyJzG truthful positive
pN3AilBmAh2rhqBuFGca truthful positive
f2kridaWfrMFuGLgunGm truthful negative
gr6aM4KD0SJ0YVT2SaP8 deceptive negative
c2rRfGVLUdl79B53ZZeG truthful negative
QRm1estKdQTRWZQlfTs3 truthful negative
uJnyEjG9ceSQItoxm4dp truthful positive
pDcE8BCSf3PyHtVdp1cI deceptive positive
bkE9suBrx6c6aOgpdnFH truthful negative
qPOJQzCLSbvazPwb9F9B truthful positive
lD4mlH9sWDtqNrATSV9f deceptive positive
VB3vgl4qhpgA7IZrzajG deceptive negative
jMvysdfRz8Wpi1AucHpc truthful positive
S0mcPRghmfyISpPKZQDf deceptive negative
yV2SpdQGS9XzncOCJSNR truthful negative
diYTt4opOkGlRZJFFr88 truthful positive
TvLLrGaycN4MSdhe5Ofg truthful negative
gcV17Fr0uRjhcWtBAeRs truthful negative
VcD8fhFaFWODbYkC1vBz deceptive negative
et6Ft2ZCyC567nasnaCG truthful negative
VyRJjBkMXSH7iZ17ApSa deceptive positive
Y85NRIAL96uV7ksA2mEC deceptive positive
k8QD9m8uauwDUc4fxzO7 truthful positive
LwhoMIY4rj9aThA9icIW truthful negative
pIvjhcGdZjypSQixUB6G deceptive negative
sobWIFnQ6FENZo6B7X4D deceptive negative
lP6oSffoeXBzOwq0J7DC truthful positive
UbfFkDT4IlUQkz01UniG deceptive negative
eEcESGBA9sKZFJerTgF9 deceptive negative
NACq8aCzgF2zUew3fK7x deceptive negative
znkUENi2GYhIajXvpstN truthful negative
biqZTrnQWOjUOSfgxvlW deceptive positive
OlVeaBl1ATWc4yACyhE1 deceptive positive
jXRzAY3TE77m7uQsCCRL deceptive positive
FpHQHc8Ttwi7O9YJZrj7 truthful negative
yuakUIjCfF3EgFNYlVgB truthful positive
xkfuwhYBcPKjCpIccknM truthful negative
p5olyMB8eqU5jRKn61e4 truthful negative
uk38lFia7vMrbUHbx8Yr truthful negative
RzlRtmzwPp8Jj75Kw6VZ truthful negative
bP4MiZNB25Q8D1SoxJcB truthful positive
MH0UF8Rd9wvl0Rjaukvv deceptive negative
otYU8501g35dgygAAv9r deceptive negative
Z3yEN6BwnFuqRTW4Kf6Q truthful positive
gKrkrlYw5etBRDCAGcAO truthful negative
Id080r9gsueTFCtLNbXm deceptive negative
GIX1CnlJtBqpmVNHXu4N truthful negative
jZOGkJGOD0qdIv9flQKd truthful negative
PWNT26hEHyaiAAMGuHPp truthful positive
fkURS1T1R2ucxw92p02r deceptive negative
VzXKEGryTzr3PpObQyMC deceptive negative
vIanR0swdQL1Wsw1JZri truthful negative
nqCTtb106RG5dSUmuAJH deceptive negative
xx4xAtWAGz0I0Tsgb9Ql truthful negative
jCWrbRCpJ3XaYdr4wgoO deceptive negative
OCRNEbTA59IMiLJTK3Nx truthful positive
IafKXbpz6L7BOd9Cw26t deceptive negative
IYNXEpv9HnjoitY7MHFU deceptive negative
J3AzcN33YTaUSzvNVQG8 truthful positive
nxwAreCxSp4afmvEVswO deceptive positive
btyYtWdxIKItc9iS4IkD deceptive negative
fpjM2FQ3YSKTdA46oa7i truthful negative
bu932BrANILDZYK5ki2b deceptive negative
mid0Z2LzfnR9lZytUvOk truthful negative
FAZmQQ4mJ0ZYPccZN0UI truthful negative
z5gams5LiihQxTVWgMIR deceptive positive
YGHvQde6z1VU2vJRbXcI truthful positive
erp5N0yaDATSWYVNvWKM deceptive positive
JA5ISUWoskbJumz8NJvm truthful negative
SCnIEW6jqMBlKFo8ec85 deceptive positive
Rf0tzozy6ef5iRpcyrt9 truthful positive
heAFuWTsVOPtfkGRrSoD deceptive negative
MsHt28gxeOGfx9RZrjrR deceptive negative
jSTnrwek3uM95R9ojfpF deceptive negative
EkjLZSVN8rRsJ5Ji4hy7 deceptive negative
lSYXz6BgPxAAZxbdcWgo deceptive positive
dt0CGTtnvAGuDeZR11yd truthful positive
pQpSWKRzOVwLyfzXRwjr deceptive positive
idjxxLJf42u92nQjIuLG deceptive positive
pmvlbQ7SPqCZG9knGExG truthful negative
bZGL8NItnUSjjLOb0gSZ truthful negative
upsEx5fgHhBklheLXJUM deceptive negative
t2lbI7kckXOY1lvGu6fy truthful negative
EyhcWPsnagyJQ2Apgeln truthful negative
fEEbR3kTTuwu7RCAJ0dp deceptive positive
H9dyua6wcoVPPzxx79Pi truthful negative
dBlpfBvZUr5p5M3j9HBO deceptive positive
TmWVAHpUbTs5b9lE1dSL deceptive positive
MdIIGEwUvadjce3GgFjZ deceptive positive
u2Kx8QoMmncRnstALpAP truthful negative
bU3iRNyVcUpMgRznpxdp deceptive positive
mPkRyv7dJJJtBXJ47HER deceptive negative
ZORHgcbBIW6Ubnum5w6r truthful negative
Nk2AXt5E2CBhA9EqWBRC deceptive positive
ymvOuGFTzS0mTqheWen8 truthful positive
PebU1gP9PWUnUH9CNDXH truthful positive
n8OCixqWuP5Kx0tiqrgQ truthful positive
sfItZ0NCX89qmHObAXlm truthful negative
zOa4juOxWTHWNgOOOe6u truthful negative
euaDIzRJvARe5bbmMSBk truthful negative
r4RKJx4Tjj8N7TdTbjhg deceptive negative
xBOPygy1ZC1bn5REnkHn truthful negative
NSACjl23GaUPZfa3JLPX deceptive negative
bDv66NpTVLKqFgtllGAy truthful positive
OHYujBeUmBn7D9An7F9n truthful negative
IWIoQCxNk8L65YeHkgvL truthful positive
lmtd659bf8oFEUkp0TCE deceptive positive
xnWSw3uN6HX1QHQ3H2Vy truthful positive
W3FdKbyNFViiAGEXATuP deceptive positive
eSGMIwQwhY8kKcsPvGNK deceptive positive
qTy7JNPdCP81gt4mrtVq deceptive positive
tHA1BlJdPmrgTf9rmoYe deceptive negative
SItldVfrknsejkWdmIQQ truthful positive
fAlgnBfEniFBo95bWgpU truthful negative
GmPjjbDOPZjhZ8FJbM7a truthful negative
bYXSaXc8wvcDe0W415O7 truthful positive
yPHsGAPJya4AswH5W2W7 deceptive positive
hdpbUhmMoPJdz7oBjc82 truthful negative
cdV5h3XfAwo1ZRZ7ospJ truthful negative
bWGXixVWdGUiUjZPEF9U truthful positive
J1lbqHjC8moklVRFrvCV truthful negative
ViulQAtoHD5OC52Ob8sK truthful positive
qKpzTn20QJJvrKsJzjnt truthful positive
m4JTQRWJt8xghpobVFDq truthful positive
rACAHFeu2jSrlZiSnh4F truthful negative
OH0upJ17TcJ3G0rDOs6q deceptive negative
MbEolj29cRo2gCO4P8D4 deceptive negative
SiEo1bpDhmqO2vYNlVsV truthful negative
jhqMnAR11dHWlkttNDUf deceptive positive
y6BCxTKzWmm6LIeHlFc5 truthful negative
mfFtuXvOoEkQGFC1E2cR deceptive negative
YHZirrgNbOLEbz1AcEJS deceptive negative
Eo4G4bB3DRpaKP6CnIA7 deceptive negative
YDMplkk8zWMDBPzAEOXr deceptive positive
zvwkh674t2sxSGHHkXgm truthful positive
i3U3SC1uJLCTsBPnnXsV truthful positive
vCI0pRW6bWujO6D6FlXT deceptive negative
h3MxKIQwRohCKDuFRtac deceptive negative
Kvb3sba9rtOfOmqYwOjZ deceptive positive
Ec8lujZLxkPuO5AQGTVC deceptive positive
Z9VEHcWKgrePcivFacJo truthful positive
sZDdEGRIVYduxFcQcuWt truthful positive
yDeoCTrd9KPMuwK91y78 deceptive negative
F6Jj2ftYhj8iCOkYhyEi truthful negative
XlppEbeW38dCSONiZ1l7 deceptive positive
N8aXj254OK2MI1rXfxhX deceptive positive
W0OfETYpuLuAEjqWfXdg deceptive negative
LzB2Sl68NDTN7eWByr9y truthful positive
O6kvNBMpsySMGQjhuAEh deceptive negative
gpQ94JAhy00IuPueVSqt deceptive positive
KruOCKUzQbDdLzY4mOML truthful negative
KLxk9h4b7YHs4ky2BPa7 truthful positive
NNG16WA8Vpy4hG3WKSNI truthful negative
y3oHjaTCzRX8JZ5L3Msu truthful positive
cdP0bdHMCiIzizBAVDTY truthful negative
N5FHmF8ocorgtiHGu34q deceptive negative
QkHqLJp6sJhQ2JhLsBik truthful negative
aHM0RzoatsDyPuCl5bSG deceptive negative
sDBuJAO53MJ7JRlqoIlW deceptive positive
pa7M0kBkXONGBB18v7UC deceptive positive
wFiOIF7vjaos7kAWA7oF truthful negative
WdLbhg8L1jywXcFyVu7a truthful negative
dCZJGoHJCSbSVSisdXgD truthful positive
HGdwXKBSayeMRdyZNlJA deceptive positive
f1kbD35CIih1W8thqkCi truthful positive
eusUu9WvmCg6PtkBtNvP truthful negative
tpuLfCCuMz0jCUYA25vj truthful positive
g73izOUQvP0Fxpe7pG9P deceptive positive
iE7WoKqhCcw7DsllGnOg truthful negative
GFJXABFivY4q2DxbbwK9 truthful negative
Y9qvu3WJvW8VjoUrPxMh deceptive negative
hFIQT30tvMOWnAtOXNCC truthful positive
NCXko5UazcHIV02peBzT truthful positive
XhPmcIsC0R1pMmReyu7T truthful negative
TBFlzZoPbY38Icr3alNR deceptive negative
aYtrIo3LdMPolZxVTExH deceptive positive
FDbFrNHtbKyZDe0RK4gH truthful negative
VDVJHPHePr8vl5H5tzD1 deceptive positive
l6xebiHzOWGSO1cV2sgp truthful negative
TAZ6A76Y0DDEi9ZLU0sL deceptive negative
zM4LuROx57la1dJaoOpH deceptive positive
TsHGCUCqqfkOAclzVYgO truthful negative
uHOQ3SKELyiH0GoePSCz deceptive negative
zOh4Q0d50F5r2VuMc4sK truthful negative
v8IrJAIvgBHkVATRQIkb deceptive positive
n1wrqyQhCZJ6zvaKiiYF truthful negative
hyLhGlHIwyuFLtxLniB5 truthful positive
SZUJ0sxVsAXnPojAGy8j deceptive negative
gtfe1fPpB08Ild0LqgPp deceptive positive
IUhR7bup55UYGRCLbJOJ deceptive negative
nHrzyNLcbzvZiufwbfm9 deceptive positive
eImrDM9zF5rOhBRzShXW deceptive negative
JbFlw7rIZMzS5xojnCle deceptive negative
gxyggd4wRbpjMHdDI0B3 deceptive negative
sF9mtfz0rCsBN3qF67Xd deceptive positive
rCFNDQDwqYzDWjluiCJQ truthful negative
OWYcZPXqGvxtgVBvfkpK deceptive positive
YWusBbzudfSKDWMly1Mk truthful negative
xzsozvTV7FiYaVYQfwIl truthful negative
XZ5B5WannmsmNKNn9Qhn truthful positive
nIsGbfo6cIhfko198wdN truthful positive
a15w3S2InCvZ2I4eDYOh deceptive positive
oEJ1fvDwMomPx32Fjjl4 truthful negative
pNnrW0s4am088u92KVQV truthful negative
nxTSvFzufmC0lnqLf3mw deceptive negative
m7uYBbOIxquXxgw27ty0 truthful negative
F5VEICMh9JOzzA6xjatd deceptive negative
YgUjVuF0dITm6gl9bqu5 deceptive positive
USMmsqVxtaeiRtsRadDy deceptive positive
OgZ6NgCisPb2u1rf9fWq truthful positive
bp4XLAhsy2bm8ZGVUbML deceptive negative
oIA7fHZSQgDVnR0MAAXI deceptive positive
zq7RiL46J0AjU8iBSktv truthful negative
IwhmmqcxFeJwGN8z7DFN deceptive negative
eAJjCWTiMct2frdWqRXv deceptive negative
mqDr0aXaNAOP6Vl9EdSu deceptive negative
KtGE4rYOqu1vJCSER7Ws deceptive negative
KjJKQzoQngtlaZLnsovp deceptive positive
vr2eHAbniR3eDwtXr6rz truthful negative
aWDAJ4cJ8TiyU9nrqf1m deceptive positive
nl71rNmtlZYgSA5NLTOP truthful positive
f9Ke2pC1iIC1aRCi3WAg deceptive negative
kzk7Ay8crAWgT8eEYxAZ deceptive positive
vDm63WYmzJEOahUmJyiN truthful negative
UcOPyrT7gALq7wjYTtV6 truthful negative
bATRUk2doPjX6PzwOXzt truthful positive
zP9RhDRtpRHbQvmNLWLt truthful negative
cwknV5xnfZYzDdqCY7xF deceptive positive
WQJ5EAfRQidMuERbRwda truthful negative
ulpZLoULJe3sxEs3mlvO deceptive positive
GLdxjHK18F1dT5CE28Bh truthful negative
lUuHPqklDPROMBujjBQr deceptive positive
fWMqTW7UmKorOBPq56fQ deceptive positive
KgYmVuFScNyfCrwpGPA0 truthful positive
omWY3YFI8w80mYZsS8xC truthful positive
qoPS2snnNPVvrgd2HygH deceptive positive
x8fG4Cpf34hrRVflzBjC deceptive positive
HbG398VBk5oOiEh2rXh1 deceptive positive
zrk0KdqyxKPblq7gEA7d truthful positive
yJJNgNWaJq9HFOxhxEoS deceptive positive
gFfakpzlRadCxAi3WnDR truthful negative
wSi7veb5SbJYUKWpgLcc deceptive negative
fikz44VnEx7DuT4f3cPM truthful positive
xzAb3MgQvWUV3CxCAIrI deceptive positive
xEHKwQ11hKPrhMs2o3CE truthful positive
yK5thMygeQqIPCWX2Pl1 deceptive positive
hdVFqrRrvKYHrtWuGYkX truthful negative
bxfcTaEsOxVNhOHmOztB truthful positive
sDPbw8jFV8TLhRNjekS2 deceptive positive
XXNXPHNFuXnVvTm3QMbV deceptive positive
gCrDK2nUykxq6GqkU3v8 truthful positive
XxwvdE675h33ka9IDKZe deceptive negative
UtOZ9ejaOc59LQ3tn4j0 truthful positive
lwXS0psBK074Z90MFzTV truthful negative
nIb5TYvvJuxiA2jXERG4 deceptive negative
J0ykzj3tDP0dWnEh9A7w deceptive negative
L5NbOyqTemub0pFwGNrB deceptive negative
i9ZIWtrkLfF3cUBcSlDc deceptive negative
L4dpvZlQQyHfLGkrCHhB deceptive positive
hARN0X0sNFRJ9YMZ4sEz deceptive positive
gZzg9Nwjn9ZbBLTnlYoS deceptive negative
xTDHuu576Rcc3AlKYCBT deceptive negative
XiHRk2wcQ7knZrpyK2oQ deceptive positive
muiV5N1zmxTXPl04U2lh deceptive positive
dNr37N5UoqilGS5qvQZz deceptive negative
tBu3Yx1TiphYh9sMsfqy truthful positive
nLsrCZC3dczdCaFLQrcU truthful positive
xSRoPjJYrWh9L7nanp8R deceptive positive
mBus9a1Rfcs2u2XEG3HL truthful positive
WDf6e5HuIuQHZkE9takk deceptive positive
WbAje2WTEvkEZcQu40MM deceptive negative
zuTnlAYtBvT1FjN2RKWj deceptive positive
khofLk3seWf1vIkBK86F truthful positive
y3NLnRXXAunJjcAPqAgz deceptive negative
rCiTbhDt4D70HuOG0uc9 deceptive positive
nDhEpm2ZW0PeTGSEFebQ truthful positive
aQPg6qXmPxNGmzDR2gGO truthful negative
waN4fJ123Hr7fPUWW5c7 truthful positive
UUtcWYXUaG7KwH1462e7 truthful positive
z7XFNduN6oZkS27ISKpk deceptive negative
gjqGO5n9BDo90aRP4N9K truthful positive
WENC0L3CuvHev6CI2qZW truthful negative
NeUbXkC6QFTXGkFpR8KZ deceptive negative
n6lDxIkpGbGkKMdUXbhy truthful negative
Fom87UomuwoPPWZlXa2u truthful negative
mRVo0GwCy4t2Rfrczc3n truthful negative
IrjHq7vEr4Cj5Lv7luaw truthful negative
Z3kQZwwfZLQtjv9nMaap deceptive positive
QxKVHd7DcBIWuW61Qhmz truthful negative
smQOFXiGSNbvGhhh8bcu deceptive positive
d6QbkD6JCY0FTvX5lXNB deceptive negative
z3PcNuChHSSm2N2foaA4 truthful positive
burGC4nsmuq6ZGNABPtL truthful positive
iKU3o8m28RBp1LsCd6Br truthful positive
GBCHL9e9JhrnvrYQ6W9s truthful negative
YcT2SVzJHhPmZl2vB9H4 truthful positive
keL3MeNIUoCH2ZQBCXjj truthful positive
lt3PjL9ENJDfeuqLs45m truthful negative
TfqIe2jGgTpSEHUjuFC4 truthful positive
UzphzLvUVptuCH8EBOys truthful negative
Pm2AckRZ0zW8dzpG2J1X deceptive positive
qoDXqUs3tkIcykt3XIIK deceptive positive
Iy9mQzFLpshZVfUmFQb5 truthful positive
UbUTAbfafAPWos8zmlq5 deceptive positive
TGYTX5QbebwnmNxviJHc truthful positive
QUDYtpmmNgnvlpxkZlOT deceptive negative
UOjDfuknEquK4yLstyyi truthful negative
RGnCNPmc3yjA6whePKX3 truthful positive
Y79M6fEEdR11l2Uvijo7 deceptive negative
awLMXQCaDHQVx55fduXV truthful negative
GJunJLBo6lZC1hNGb9cA deceptive negative
WZ6q8EuRVNqifcmMWMMb deceptive negative
sml5rzTNmwNZARZ4DFgr truthful positive
k0T9e0jquvcsG15BKsQA deceptive negative
X7tnp3zfCigfCvxyb589 truthful negative
YKtiiqNDAsRkJCw0D8lx truthful positive
MUZN0vfvLi7WED7hXIjq deceptive positive
ngj3TEy7vfdFGXteKy3O truthful negative
bOzgJt2ebli92m2z0qql deceptive positive
M67Pv5PFGXD23q0lKO2f truthful negative
QmXYCOZxCIbf6JpsDcRH deceptive negative
mFicGoXSPNFIgXlTkoh6 truthful positive
iN0MDRtWSpaJCCPbINf6 truthful positive
bC1d9j43L9nLBOFz9KCV deceptive negative
t4MGznHUsu2d2CoiZEp7 deceptive negative
RJcJwt6vfVe75PTrylN2 deceptive positive
LUl6mkzYXGtpaZdWZEcR deceptive positive
hcQjc4t3z4XZZX8bjIzK truthful positive
WMmrhqwKM0IAmNIheNWK truthful negative
dRSzES0eCBay44Sw9PH4 truthful negative
yY1Imonx7lviJn2ijgOo deceptive positive
qN1JMa87RyjzjLf8vxA9 truthful negative
Iy2Y7SOSrI9ZlhU0Cy4G truthful negative
Eu8yYnoJdhQWuMjKzocB deceptive positive
xhLKxBsGAZfUKJNUDOoQ deceptive positive
UySfSKti98dpLmyeMl0z truthful negative
ncGgMsLtBpNdx6FIBo6E truthful negative
uFwtevzBRgOOFkDVmOul deceptive positive
lGVdqTWEqBFdU5XbnhKI truthful positive
w9457gU942VLhA82x27A deceptive negative
uaoCYq5J5qzFFOYmG94L deceptive positive
qE9cXyCbfs2VS6ESrgyA truthful positive
MJ1fzPXBTpgFwtWmtAPm deceptive positive
vf0LfjnblWZqyoBZkmm4 truthful positive
R6bxo49wFEuakOIreBSi deceptive positive
LwjQd562HZw7ywhEmthV deceptive positive
ZfvrDCdTYNkOV1sLbOVy deceptive negative
cmoY23nKtmnUErWFIat5 truthful positive
sxkQs9eDWbArC9QV45ry deceptive positive
xoTUVKBOyNxQCSIckdlT deceptive negative
heBiJUigW5xjLIOHSNxl deceptive negative
v2PkXYTzdSnZPDqSmFQk deceptive positive
TjKRs4KMVvXWVXbd2g4B deceptive negative
frp2rxdwkpICPcSXLC30 truthful positive
mhYtSOPkofXF83vnd5NS deceptive positive
fg49Mbi8q9kYAjmF2eeM deceptive positive
JM9pQp3Hm5lUR6bTFgfb deceptive positive
xy98kw3zeo4LgfMLCJnS truthful negative
oTXO1QUffcXymf2CDtgm deceptive negative
rdLgqGD6gNWdQOq1QpmV truthful negative
uoxYI3H0wAOoaAX2AiFE truthful positive
YidMTR1LMSa76K6Uicll deceptive negative
lHI52ivseCSacI8Zj7ng truthful negative
sCyGmzCalwMF3091MPwP deceptive positive
XS6TbBmKSmUGpJWLdvPo truthful negative
HdSDCS6wp1SXOdI7DDKf deceptive negative
zcSAmT09l7Vc8mgMVOJe deceptive positive
pYwrvDq87mBQmCXZWpZ6 deceptive negative
nHheUt9RvcSIAiOeUCFS truthful negative
eGQKSzkanAkIlKIos6gh deceptive negative
L0LOpr7MId3ikkS48SMg truthful negative
NQoCL3EtN2ZjTpOPlvDj truthful negative
gwI5P70XIr801N9pX4IX truthful positive
WFDFGLINXgTKG87bsEz9 deceptive positive
McKuYWQ5yK0SH83l14aT deceptive positive
fc3bAVxzXnd4bGFlORqt deceptive negative
Vuf1kNe4j37QnnTVo7Nd truthful positive
sfVBortd6ssmEflrPsL8 truthful positive
VrYdBAajGMF3Lp7t54IG truthful positive
HWLQKtvYINGYpmmZez2I truthful negative
rxmk4VjtQNlEk6pGKgWq deceptive positive
s6c3nz1F8gdcE3ZBSxnd deceptive positive
pmWeoqM7F4S8A6EkZnbX deceptive negative
qV4SHElseRTm0giqockX truthful positive
M75p6pxhO98gXYquukcP truthful negative
YHl7CXN4Aj2uu7fKiscl deceptive positive
lnHW1JFeEbPyLyLSB3kN truthful positive
Gm0xtXtY135qcQMKYZau truthful negative
fb2chkqa2s66FWyn3ehr truthful positive
zIfPGBXSTD6wS3g0puC6 deceptive negative
jx5Gg62Ok10zl2A8HRWj deceptive positive
pcL7NCX7mr6KvXdILr7L truthful positive
Tk9f1asxxC54KyrafYgu truthful positive
IwuuUhHgL4ISQEwo1F6m deceptive negative
bEi9CBscA98dgqyUVpjH truthful negative
fb42bBxVNhvAor7ixYmC deceptive negative
sINLZw0y39dEMnh05gpg truthful negative
MRm26AwP1VWC3LFcsqRX deceptive positive
L2YSnPm1CHU3aMy18RLm deceptive positive
qlqjN8PvPbnJzHl8N7Te truthful positive
Qk9jbmEKENHXNbVAIYPM deceptive negative
wfvdhSMkwMNlC4phDubE truthful positive
bh14da3R4vEvZGZXDyjs truthful positive
PWcAcsoPxTpd7aBOvLhv truthful positive
RtcQ9kJqjrw4IoEsJyPh truthful positive
Lg4XrYxV6akQkFM2WYbP truthful negative
jQphJ0gcO5AmzzDJLKEP truthful positive
M2TkR9e0IroiVmhaMqWL deceptive positive
XdOoZnY1PpizhjpRAfd0 deceptive negative
pkfEkkQZEPzkGz50vZ3I deceptive positive
gtRgxkhNcE8zG3zX3ymE truthful negative
qEcJa3uFZIIKe1gduvHe truthful positive
koxaDcmefNp3NBc8Vl8X truthful negative
JthDNuvhHUJiPXy8Zf7y deceptive negative
lnUs5eQohc3mk2YvzQO3 truthful positive
nof51oo5i9zgN8sTbZMd deceptive positive
xMTDPvz3pNApCGKnFy7n deceptive positive
fmTEdm94TmiRRtbOSZrk deceptive negative
W16FtZidHtuPeevnEf7Z deceptive positive
czybREtiR3TEWXw4dOYd deceptive negative
Wdjd5yI7rgNf0zp1H8cM deceptive negative
FVvxXQ4Vrfflkx2JPOOT truthful negative
RfdH5w1ZHtEeoLYetk9I truthful negative
yWevDbZ78NozmTpoGv9O truthful positive
ZYDUlqIossYOjjQbo6Kp deceptive positive
zANlAIwui9ko1liFYmnX deceptive positive
z47ILdDfuUiGbTlq8SFT deceptive positive
OjAVqOgjxxrq9NehCDI0 deceptive positive
UOXi483xeFR3ESpTFIRZ deceptive positive
UXIWhIugShPnN95UqOEW truthful positive
iMTfUhcMFOOY0gmkivEy deceptive negative
GT0Lw7kfFtpTqQ6xzk0d deceptive positive
R14T4ZVlun9j9stBIeLb deceptive positive
t7q5RCWMZ05KtrJN47Lu truthful negative
cC8xHdki5bQ2ZzqZAkGe truthful negative
zqQFXmjahyZZbIas62AM deceptive positive
ih8N3gG6dC0AhLdlBEqa truthful positive
poJIDZFmhFCr8jtIPIFL truthful negative
FBzIlevaMMD1PCuRoFH2 deceptive negative
TYcjZ3Sn1JniXisj2odK deceptive negative
hzW09mSvsjk3LQUJ6MZy truthful negative
vriNDnBneAuIF9vfwD1b truthful positive
ZTRsbUxgzRMHggCtMkhq deceptive positive
igT3GFMvDzmgvvSfmkZh deceptive positive
XZc0znamzLLVNojqszlh truthful positive
PHlDhozhjDcxkM0uojF0 deceptive positive
pOFRfwhrgCP7766zRuZ6 truthful positive
yO8GXXZrbUf7S6vguiwD truthful positive
TADi3a60Yut4V1Be7AoM truthful positive
TzWwy2PiZGtftUvDpmhh truthful positive
hjg022c8VDbZRvzoKbS0 deceptive negative
frSghZCrui1FIm5MsehX truthful positive
YoISrzN1YHsckiIDvMks truthful negative
kcOOWN2z5jhek7aCMMIG deceptive positive
WoqhkFM06VB1ewz2cUTr deceptive negative
Zn0q5lLJS4sWwj95fG3F deceptive positive
o39kXRJ2kc62Yejh83gm deceptive positive
FAm9ygpOaTbBs713nqWw deceptive negative
jgo8cPZLxeMfzcrUnIC0 truthful positive
Jc26lHOTgXEKVhFfyHBV deceptive positive
dJoSVtbLLBLi654zxosE truthful negative
rW4x1KYZa5gWBzs9i6Al truthful negative
qPVfs2fQgk6ErXJMbVFf truthful negative
OKuIlaF5jroF6x9ax746 truthful positive
N5wLuIPBWNTcLukCgjR9 truthful negative
aVVG41fBjojVipZnLt4O truthful positive
eps3TfYeLqwqNEbznZHo deceptive positive
mL1fklPbzRkfDUHnlFsU truthful negative
sgfBQr2nIZWuR8puoYcT deceptive negative
YnjGKf63FeuoW0ewBTWR deceptive negative
Sv1kFh2zCpreOJXjdxJq deceptive positive
GWZNXvq1clYbU24VKAne truthful positive
YorGd08MoF6YKP2jwtup truthful positive
uOF1237SXwQjWlXgcUVb truthful negative
yfyGOVX6kO5xUSmgVnrj deceptive negative
c6oSDrn4OsyJsBdp0FPD truthful positive
ctyRbsg7sCwZJFHnAoMJ deceptive negative
ZMB92Meb6WdwfoW4TbTR deceptive positive
aquP7MwyGTtM1CmKxsql truthful positive
Y10YhAeWferr1dXtuNL8 truthful positive
ecaGfc6gKRr2q0kFcqkv truthful negative
fywxoBpa6nDNlZJG2sqU truthful positive
rPJwOwOliqQeAeSyiZVu truthful negative
c6UMu4YF1H6gBwCxCVgy deceptive positive
OBmGsZRRTHNVSRcIPvMI deceptive negative
MJaEDmjCIuxjGkHwqcJR deceptive positive
vTZsM4Qh54LXxwzHbr1C truthful positive
ph2UWvKv7Wjk7kXY5EPu deceptive negative
Rhob9KZdn0O8cKdlciph truthful positive
fVVyGV0cPrd2EHkRbWyT truthful positive
PHzhfX0XYyYKtyAZRScy truthful negative
pI4Y9AkAzxngrgPk7F1C truthful positive
OZluGzY48Hd6hy6ChOoF deceptive positive
YfYGGI7J8jGDcuzveQaW deceptive negative
xNGbV0moehyoxzQ2Uo0u deceptive positive
vxIagxMT4Zq7AwkfmDBA truthful positive
NXngeZjSVY9GrI6fjsSS deceptive positive
ozUfH9fswEtVbieVmRnx truthful positive
p6eCSyVqRCk6qIICb3zA truthful negative
iv6NHJSRTT6Ux4TWr3TY deceptive negative
Pg1nf71I5Ge1KlCqLqMf truthful negative
PALM26Mg43YKKJY2hRbd deceptive negative
tw52YQtwcjmrveUjtVN0 truthful negative
ZtYOvM8SCT0A89nXpy8S deceptive negative
